Cluster 1, #164 Elements 
	 Obesity is a serious public health concern with an increasing prevalence worldwide .
	 Obesity is a serious public health problem that is growing alarmingly worldwide .
	 Obesity is a serious public health problem , the prevalence of which is increasing dramatically all over the world .
	 ...
	 The survey findings suggest the majority of the Australian population recognises obesity to be a serious health problem , and support government regulation of the food environment as a population-level preventative strategy .
	 The global prevalence of obesity poses such a serious concern that the World Health Organization ( WHO ) has described it as a " global epidemic . " Recent literature suggests that the genesis of the problem occurs in the first years of life as feeding patterns , dietary habits , and parental feeding practices are established .
	 Childhood obesity represents a social burden.

Cluster 2, #133 Elements 
	 In recent years , the increasing number of antibiotic-resistant bacteria has become a serious health concern .
	 Recently , the rapid emergence of antibiotic-resistant pathogens has caused a serious health problem .
	 Antibiotic resistance is an increasing phenomenon and has become a serious public health concern .
	 ...
	 Bacterial infection is a serious problem threatening human health .
	 The main consequences of use and abuse of antibiotics is the development and diffusion of antibiotic resistance that has become a serious global problem .
	 Drug resistance is a common phenomenon of pathogens , creating a serious problem of inactivation of drugs and antibiotics resulting in occurrence of diseases .

Cluster 3, #99 Elements 
	 This study was a prospective, randomized, controlled study.
	 This was a prospective, randomized controlled trial.
	 This was a randomized, prospective, investigator-blinded study.
	 ...
	 In this prospective, monocentric, two-armed, non-blinded randomized, controlled clinical trial, a total of 43 participants were included.
	 Pilot observational cohort study.
	 A quantitative cross-sectional study nested within a randomised controlled trial.

Cluster 4, #98 Elements 
	 Drug-resistant tuberculosis is a serious problem throughout the world .
	 Drug resistant tuberculosis is a serious problem in control of tuberculosis .
	 Multi-drug resistant tuberculosis is a serious clinical problem .
	 ...
	 The increasing rate of appearance of multidrug-resistant strains of Mycobacterium tuberculosis ( MDR-TB ) is a serious problem at the present time .
	 The high rates of resistance to ethionamide , capreomycin , and kanamycin show the real burden of drug resistance in the region and pose a serious problem for the treatment of patients with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis .
	 Tuberculosis caused by Mycobacterium tuberculosis ( MTB ) remains a serious global public health concern .

Cluster 5, #96 Elements 
	 Viral hepatitis is a serious public health problem with hepatitis B virus ( HBV ) being one of its principle causes affecting billions of people globally .
	 Hepatitis B virus ( HBV ) infection is a serious global public health problem affecting billions of people globally .
	 Hepatitis B virus ( HBV ) infection is a serious public health problem worldwide .
	 ...
	 HCV ( hepatitis C virus ) infection is a serious health care problem that affects more than 170 million people worldwide .
	 Hepatitis C virus ( HCV ) infection is a serious public health problem .
	 Hepatitis B virus infection poses a serious health problem in Taiwan , and plays an important role in the development of chronic hepatitis , liver cirrhosis and hepatoma ; the latter two are among the 10 leading causes of death in Taiwan .

Cluster 6, #62 Elements 
	 Suicide is a serious public health problem worldwide .
	 Suicide is a serious public health problem around the world .
	 Suicide is a serious social and public health problem .
	 ...
	 Suicidal behaviours are internationally considered as a serious health problem and , consequently , considerable efforts are being made in the search for factors related with this behaviour .
	 Suicide is an under attended public health problem in Bangladesh as there is no central suicide database and no national suicide surveillance system in the country
	 Suicide is a serious public health problem in Mato Grosso do Sul , and has had an alarming and disproportionate impact on the indigenous population for more than a decade .

Cluster 7, #53 Elements 
	 Intimate partner violence constitutes a serious health problem worldwide .
	 Intimate partner violence is a serious global problem that damages the health and prosperity of individuals , their families , community , and society .
	 Intimate partner violence ( IPV ) is a serious public health problem , linked with a number of poor health outcomes .
	 ...
	 Dating violence (DV) is still a global problem of enormous proportions
	 Female same-sex intimate partner violence ( FSSIPV ) is a serious problem that affects the health and safety of lesbian and bisexual women .
	 Intimate partner violence ( IPV ) is a serious public health concern that affects many Latinx couples .

Cluster 8, #51 Elements 
	 Diabetes mellitus ( DM ) is a serious global health problem currently affecting over 450   million people worldwide .
	 Diabetes mellitus ( DM ) is a serious medical problem affecting millions of peoples worldwide , and has a great socio-economic impacts .
	  Diabetes mellitus (DM) is considered to be a significant public health problem globally
	 ...
	 Type 2 diabetes is a serious clinical problem in both India and the UK .
	 Diabetes mellitus ( DM ) is a serious public health problem and can cause long-term damage to the brain , resulting in cognitive impairment in these patients .
	 Diabetes is a serious and chronic problem that can be attributed to the insufficient release of the insulin or when body does not respond to the insulin which is already present .

Cluster 9, #49 Elements 
	 Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) strains are a major cause of hospital-acquired infections and are considered a serious public health concern .
	 Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) isolates is a serious public health problem whose ever-increasing rate is commensurate with the pressure it is exerting on the healthcare system .
	 Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) isolates are a serious public health problem whose ever-increasing rate is commensurate with the pressure it is exerting on the healthcare system .
	 ...
	 Nosocomial methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) infection in infants has become a serious concern and a new means of preventing the transmission of MRSA in the community needs to be considered .
	 Methicillin resistance in Staphylococcus aureus and in coagulase-negative staphylococci represents a serious problem both for the microbiologist and the physician .
	 Infections with methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) and methicillin-resistant coagulase-negative Staphylococcus ( MR-CNS ) are a serious problem in hospitals because these bacteria produce penicillin-binding protein 2 ' ( PBP2 ' or PBP2a ) , which shows low affinity to β-lactam antibiotics .

Cluster 10, #47 Elements 
	 Because of its high prevalence worldwide , osteoporosis is considered a serious public health concern .
	 The high worldwide prevalence of osteoporosis means it is considered a serious public health concern , possibly leading to physical disability and an increased mortality rate .
	 Osteoporosis is a serious worldwide public health concern .
	 ...
	 It is possible to avoid developing a serious osteoporosis and having bone fracture if we realise the problem at the proper time and take the risk factors into consideration .
	 CONTEXT : Low bone mineral density ( BMD ) is a serious public health problem .
	 It is essential to evaluate osteoporosis risk factors , mainly the modifiable , like the lifestyle , in Mexican women in order to prevent it , since it is a serious public health problem .

Cluster 11, #44 Elements 
	 Leishmaniasis is a serious health problem in various endemic areas .
	 Leishmaniasis remains a serious public health problem in several parts of the developing world .
	 Leishmaniasis is a serious health problem in some parts of the world .
	 ...
	 Human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) coinfection with Leishmania infantum or Leishmania donovani , the agents of visceral leishmaniasis ( or kala-azar ) , has become a fatal public health problem in the tropics where kala-azar is endemic .
	 Zoonotic Cutaneous Leishmaniasis ( ZCL ) is still a serious health problem in Iran .
	 Zoonotic Cutaneous Leishmaniasis ( ZCL ) due to Leishmania major ( L. major ) is still a serious public health problem in Tunisia .

Cluster 12, #43 Elements 
	 Malaria remains a serious health problem in many parts of the world .
	 Malaria is still a serious public health problem in some parts of the world .
	 Malaria remains a serious public health problem globally .
	 ...
	 The paper concludes by arguing that malaria in urban India is a serious problem that can not be neglected .
	 Malaria , the most virulent parasitic disease , has become a devastating health problem in tropical and subtropical regions , especially in Africa , due to favorable temperature and rainfall conditions for the development of the causative vector .
	 The results of the present study reveals that malaria is still a serious health problem in Sistan and Baluchistan province , Iran .

Cluster 13, #41 Elements 
	 Substance abuse among young people has become a serious public health problem for years .
	 Substance use disorders among youth remain a serious public health problem .
	 Substance use by adolescents and young adults continues to be a serious problem .
	 ...
	 Underage alcohol drinking is a severe public health problem .
	 Binge drinking of alcohol during adolescence is a serious public health concern with long-term consequences , including increased pain , fear , and anxiety .
	 Drug misuse is a serious public health problem .

Cluster 14, #38 Elements 
	 Air pollution has become a serious public health problem for many cities around the world .
	 Air pollution has become a serious public health problem globally .
	 Urban air pollution is a serious worldwide problem due to its impact on human health .
	 ...
	 Environmental pollution has reached a global echo and represents a serious problem for human health .
	 With the explosive economic development of China over the past few decades , air pollution has become a serious environmental problem and has attracted increasing global concern .
	 Particulate air pollution is a serious problem in Beijing .

Cluster 15, #37 Elements 
	 The pollution of environmental systems with heavy metals is becoming a serious problem worldwide .
	 Environmental pollution by heavy metals has become a serious problem in the world .
	 Pollution of the environment with heavy metals is a serious problem , which is recognized in most countries of the world .
	 ...
	 For this reason , soil metal pollution has become a severe problem in many parts of the world .
	 Environmental pollution by potentially toxic elements ( PTEs ) has become a serious problem with increasing industrialization and the disturbance of natural biogeochemical cycles .
	 The accumulation of heavy metal in the soil is a serious concern for sustainable food production due to their toxic effects on plants and other living things .

Cluster 16, #36 Elements 
	 Influenza is one of the most common human respiratory diseases , and represents a serious public health concern .
	 Influenza is an acute respiratory illness and has become a serious public health problem worldwide .
	 Influenza is a serious public health concern worldwide , as it causes significant morbidity and mortality .
	 ...
	 Influenza is a serious economic concern due to the costly countermeasures it necessitates .
	 Currently , H5N1 influenza viruses remain a serious public health concern in Asia and now in Europe .
	 Seasonal influenza has become a serious public health problem worldwide , and vaccination is recognized as the most effective preventative measure .

Cluster 17, #35 Elements 
	 A total of 106 patients (68F, 38M) with a mean age of 49.
	 In all, 2051 patients [median (range)], aged 41 (1-101) years, 72.
	 Included in this study were 17 patients, 6 women and 11 men, with a mean age of 58 years (19-87).
	 ...
	 Fifty patients aged 25 to 90 years (34 females), who had a mean follow-up of 6,3 years (range 4-14 years), were selected.
	 From 273 eligible patients, we received data from 135 patients, 9 of them died during the follow-up time at the median age of 46years (range 30-64years).
	 In total, 198 patients were randomized and 175 patients completed the trial with a mean age of 49.

Cluster 18, #35 Elements 
	 Falls in older adults are a serious problem for individuals , their families , and the health care system .
	 Falls in older adults are a serious public health problem associated with irreversible health consequences and responsible for a substantial economic burden on health care systems .
	 Falls are a serious health problem in older adults .
	 ...
	 Patient fall has been a severe problem in healthcare facilities around the world due to its prevalence and cost .
	 Falls are a serious problem among older cancer patients .
	 Fall events and their severe consequences represent not only a threatening problem for the affected individual , but also cause a significant burden for health care systems .

Cluster 19, #35 Elements 
	 Dengue virus infections are a serious public health problem in tropical and subtropical areas of the world .
	 Dengue is a serious infectious disease and a growing public health problem in many tropical and sub-tropical countries .
	 Dengue infection poses a serious public health problem in most tropical and subtropical areas .
	 ...
	 Dengue Haemorrhagic Fever ( DHF ) is a serious and often fatal paediatric problem in Myanmar .
	 Dengue fever is a serious concern for Japanese people staying in Southeast Asia .
	 Two flaviviruses , Japanese encephalitis ( JE ) virus and Dengue ( DEN ) virus which have high pathogenicity for humans , continue to pose a serious public health problem in tropical and subtropical countries of the world .

Cluster 20, #33 Elements 
	 Arsenic ( As ) contamination in soil and groundwater has become a serious problem to public health .
	 Arsenic contamination of soil and groundwater is a serious problem worldwide .
	 Arsenic ( As ) contamination of water is a serious problem in developing countries .
	 ...
	 Arsenic concentrations of tubewell water that exceed acceptable limits poses a serious health problem in Bangladesh .
	 The neurotoxicity of arsenic is a serious health problem , especially for children .
	 Arsenic ( As ) in rice grains is a serious food safety concern .

Cluster 21, #32 Elements 
	 Chronic kidney disease ( CKD ) is becoming a serious health problem ; the number of people with impaired renal function is rapidly rising , especially in industrialized countries .
	 Chronic kidney disease ( CKD ) is a serious health problem due to high mortality and morbidity , negative impact on the patients ' quality of life ( QOL ) , high diagnostic and therapeutic cost , and the burden on society .
	 Chronic kidney disease ( CKD ) is a serious health problem worldwide .
	 ...
	 To retard progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and reduce end-stage kidney disease, it is important to detect acute kidney function worsening on CKD (AW-CKD) immediately and bring back their kidney functions to baselines by appropriate treatment
	 The progression of chronic kidney disease is accompanied by multi-organ disorders , among which cardiovascular diseases have the status of a serious clinical problem .
	 Chronic kidney disease ( CKD ) represents a serious concern for the Mexican population since the main predisposing diseases ( diabetes , hypertension , etc . ) have a high prevalence in the country .

Cluster 22, #31 Elements 
	 Schistosomiasis , caused mainly by S. mansoni , S. haematobium and S. japonicum , continues to be a serious tropical disease and public health problem resulting in an unacceptably high level of morbidity in countries where it is endemic .
	 The inherent morbidity and mortality caused by schistosomiasis is a serious public health problem in developing countries .
	 In spite of numerous efforts towards the control of its transmission , schistosomiasis still remains an important parasitic disease and represents a serious public health concern and a major economical problem in a lot of developing countries .
	 ...
	 Manson 's schistosomiasis continues to be a severe public health problem in Brazil , where thousands of people live under the risk of contracting this parasitosis .
	 Urinary schistosomosis is a serious public health problem prevalent in low-income rural regions of sub-Saharan Africa , including coastal part of Kenya .
	 Schistosoma japonicum is one of the three major blood fluke species , the etiological agents of schistosomiasis which remains a serious public health problem with an estimated 200 million people infected in 76 countries .

Cluster 23, #31 Elements 
	 Tobacco smoking is a serious health problem worldwide and a leading cause of mortality .
	 Tobacco smoking is a serious health and social problem .
	 Smoking is a serious public health problem and an important risk factor of many diseases .
	 ...
	 Altogether this study emphasizes the importance of active smoking as a serious public health problem particularly for children and women .
	 Even though it is diminishing in Europe , smoking is still a serious health problem .
	 The smoking related respiratory diseases represent a serious medical , social , and economic problem .

Cluster 24, #30 Elements 
	 Sepsis is a serious and growing health problem among patients admitted to intensive care units .
	 Sepsis is not only a threat to the health of individual patients but also presents a serious epidemiological problem .
	 Sepsis remains a serious clinical problem despite intense efforts to improve survival .
	 ...
	 We are interested in how and why anaesthetics increase infections in intensive care patients ; a serious problem as more than 50 % of patients with severe sepsis will die .
	 Sepsis and septic shock are a serious problem , particularly in the geriatric population .
	 Neonatal late-onset sepsis ( LOS ) is a serious problem in neonatal intensive care .

Cluster 25, #30 Elements 
	 Prescription opioid misuse and abuse is a serious public health concern that can lead to overdose , addiction , and death .
	 Prescription opioid abuse and addiction , along with consequences such as overdose death and increasing transition to heroin use , constitute a devastating public health problem in the United States .
	 Prescription opioid abuse and misuse are a serious problem in the U.S. today .
	 ...
	 Overdose is a serious problem as for people addicted to opioid drug injections ( ODI ) as well as for the community in general .
	 Frequent use of opioid analgesics with other DIMs is a serious problem for drivers and increases the risk of accidents .
	 The misuse of prescription drugs is a serious public health problem .

Cluster 26, #29 Elements 
	 Child abuse is a serious social health problem all over the world with important adverse effects .
	 Child abuse is a serious health problem , which threatens children and has a wide reaching effect on family and society .
	 Child abuse is a serious public health problem and affects the victims ' physical and mental health and development .
	 ...
	 Child sexual abuse ( CSA ) is a serious problem not only in the community but also in institutional settings such as youth-serving organizations , churches , and schools .
	 The under-reporting of child sexual abuse by victims is a serious problem that may prolong the suffering of victims and leave perpetrators free to continue offending .
	 Physical abuse of children is a severe social problem and is usually identified by the presence of bruises of various ages .

Cluster 27, #29 Elements 
	 It represents a serious problem for public health .
	 It represents a serious global public health problem .
	 It has become a serious public health concern , threatening people 's health .
	 ...
	 It is a challenge to physicians , a serious problem to patients and a human and financial loss to the community .
	 It is considered a serious public health problem mainly in tropical and subtropical regions around the world .
	 It is not only a severe health problem in Poland , but as well as in the whole world .

Cluster 28, #28 Elements 
	 Chagas disease is a serious public health problem in Latin America where about ten million individuals show Trypanosoma cruzi infection .
	 Trypanosoma cruzi , responsible for Chagas disease , is a serious public health problem in Latin America with eight million people infected in the world .
	 Chagas disease is a serious public health problem in Ecuador , where nearly 230,000 individuals show Trypanosoma cruzi infection .
	 ...
	 In Venezuela , Chagas disease ( ChD ) is considered a serious health problem , with about 6 million people at risk ; and acute outbreaks due to oral transmission of Chagas Disease ( OChD ) are becoming increasingly important .
	 Chagas disease remains a serious health problem for countries where the most common mode of transmission is infection contracted from the feces of a Triatominae insect vector .
	 Chagas ' disease , caused by the protozoan Trypanosoma cruzi , represents a serious health problem in Latin America , and the available chemotherapy , which is based on 2 nitro-derivatives , is not satisfactory .

Cluster 29, #27 Elements 
	 Breast cancer is a serious health problem worldwide , representing the second cause of death through malignancies among women in developed countries .
	 The high morbidity and mortality of breast cancer among women is a serious problem .
	 Breast cancer represents a serious public health problem worldwide , for its high incidence , morbidity , mortality , and its high cost treatment .
	 ...
	 The already high and still rising mortality rate for breast carcinoma continues to represent a serious problem , especially since neither surgical treatment nor radiotherapy has a significant influence on the prognosis of the disease .
	 Breast cancer is a serious health problem that preferentially metastasizes to bone .
	 Breast cancer poses a serious public health problem , and it is hoped that identification of genetic and environmental factors that contribute to the development of breast cancer will enhance prevention efforts .

Cluster 30, #26 Elements 
	 Asthma is a serious health problem around the world , and affects approximately 10 - 15 % of children and 5 - 10 % of adults .
	 Asthma is a serious health problem , with both mortality and severity increasing in developed countries ( 55 - 57 ) .
	 Asthma is a serious global health problem that affects people of all ages .
	 ...
	 Asthma is a serious problem for low-income preteens living in disadvantaged communities .
	 Forty-eight children with physician-diagnosed asthma (Asthma group) and 31 age-matched normal controls (Control group) were recruited from the Asthma and Allergy Center at Inje University Sanggye Paik Hospital, Seoul, Korea from January 2010 to September of 2012.
	 Asthmatic death in the elderly is a serious problem worldwide .

Cluster 31, #25 Elements 
	 Drug resistance continues to be a serious problem in cancer therapy .
	 However , as in the case of most targeted anti-cancer therapies , the emergence of drug resistance is a serious concern .
	 Resistance of cancer cells to chemotherapeutics and emerging targeted drugs is a devastating problem in the treatment of cancer patients .
	 ...
	 However , acquired resistance to this drug has become a serious problem in the treatment of brain tumor patients .
	 Resistance to chemotherapy remains a serious problem in the successful treatment of gastric and esophageal cancers .
	 However , multidrug resistance ( MDR ) becomes a severe problem after long-term administration of chemotherapy drugs .

Cluster 32, #25 Elements 
	 Anaemia is known to have an impact on child development and mortality and is a severe public health problem in most countries in sub-Saharan Africa .
	 Childhood anaemia is considered a severe public health problem in most countries of sub-Saharan Africa .
	 Anaemia is associated with poor health outcomes and is considered a serious public health problem particularly in low- and middle-income countries .
	 ...
	 Results showed that the prevalence of anaemia among pregnant women in Kiboga district was high enough ( 63.1 % ) to be described as a severe public health problem .
	 Anemia is a serious public health concern especially in women of reproductive age ( WRA ) as it causes a high burden of morbidity and mortality and persists through intergenerational cycle .
	 Iron deficiency anemia is a severe public health problem in developing countries .

Cluster 33, #25 Elements 
	 Malnutrition is a serious public health problem , particularly in developing countries , linked to a substantial increase in the risk of mortality and morbidity .
	 Malnutrition is a severe problem of public health over all the world , particularly in Latin America .
	 Malnutrition constitutes a serious problem of public health .
	 ...
	 The study concludes that maternal malnutrition is a serious problem in the study area and that there are contextual risk factors that could be addressed to partially tackle the problem .
	 It has been recognized that malnutrition in hospital is a serious problem that may go undetected .
	 This study indicates that undernutrition is a serious problem among rural Malawians aged 45 - 75 years .